Update README to highlight restore database requirements (#375)
cloudant/couchbackup: README.md

## Restore

> Now we have our backup text file, we can restore it to a new, empty, existing database using the `couchrestore`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have our backup text file, we can restore it to a new, empty, existing database using the `couchrestore`:
```

### Restore

The `restore` function takes a readable stream containing the data emitted

> by the `backup` function and uploads that to a Cloudant database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the `backup` function and uploads that to a Cloudant database.
```

> _Note:_ A target database should be a **new and empty** database to avoid
> possible documents' update conflicts.

Reviewer 2: I think this a _must_ (particularly if we're doing #376) and I think as a requirement of the restore then the _why_ isn't adding a lot of value.
```suggestion
_Note:_ A target database must be a **new and empty** database.
```
